Talk is cheap until you hire a lawyer.
You can never fall off the floor.
He's as sharp as a beach ball.
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
If at first you don't succeed, call it a beta version
This skeleton goes into a bar, and asks for a beer and a mop...
You can't buy happiness but you can lease it.
Never argue with a fool. He may be doing the same thing.
It takes two to lie, one to lie and one to listen.
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
The box said "Requires Windows 95, or better." So, I bought a Macintosh.
If Webster wrote the first dictionary, where did he find the words?
It is really hard to face your problem, when your face is the problem.
If a turtle didn't have a shell, would it be considered homeless?
Why did the calf cross the road? To get to the udder side.
His home is free of mice and cockroaches; they refuse to live in the same place as him.
The best time to start thinking about your retirement is before your boss does.
Kids in the back seat cause accidents, but accidents in the back seat cause kids.
How is a computer like an air conditioner? When you open Windows it won't work.
If Bill Gates had a penny for every time Windows crashed.....oh wait, he does.
Friends are like a head of hair. You might lose some, but with enough money you can buy them back.
Why do you press harder on the buttons of a remote control when you know the batteries are dead?
Follow your dream, unless it's the one where you're at work in your underwear during a fire drill.
What is the first programming language that you learn when studying computer science? Profanity.
If a morning jogger runs at the speed of sound, would he be able to still hear his Walkman?
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence, but when you get over there you find out it has to be mowed.
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they get up in the morning that's as good as they're gonna feel all day.
People who ask "Can I ask you a question?" really tick me off. Didn't really give me a choice, did ya there buddy?
I've learned that you cannot make someone love you. All you can do is stalk them and hope they panic and give in.
Due to the current economic situation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be turned off until further notice.
A blonde orders a pizza and is asked if she wants it cut into six or twelve pieces. She responds, "Six, please. I could never eat twelve pieces."
Tongue (noun): A variety of meat. Rarely served as it clearly crosses the line between a cut of beef and a piece of dead cow.
So the doctor tells the patient he's got only six months to live.But the patient doesn't pay his bill on time, so the doctor gives him another six months.
What's the difference between a dead lawyer in the road and a dead skunk in the road? There are skid marks before the skunk.
Man: "How much would you charge me to answer three questions?" Lawyer: "$400." "Jesus, that's a lot of money isn't it?" "I guess so. What's your third question?"
Modern computers have advanced to the point where they are extremely intuitive, though obviously you have to spend a lot of time learning how to use them first.
98 little bugs in the code, 98 bugs in the code, fix one bug, compile it again,99 little bugs in the code. 99 little bugs in the code.....(Repeat until BUGS = 0)
Recipe (noun): A series of step by step instructions for preparing ingredients you forgot to buy, in utensils you don't own, to make a dish the dog won't eat the rest of.
A lady came up to me on the street and pointed at my suede jacket. "You know a cow was murdered for that jacket?" she sneered. I replied in a psychotic tone: Now I'll have to kill you too."
Did you hear that Disney is putting out a new pirate movie? The only problem with it is that it's rated AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGHHH
Yogurt (noun) Semisolid dairy product made from partially evaporated and fermented milk. Yogurt is one of only three foods that taste exactly the same as they sound. The other two are goulash and squid.
Why do they put pictures of criminals up in the Post Office? What are we supposed to do... write to them?Why don't they just put their pictures on the postage stamps so mailmen can look for them while delivering the mail?
A little girl was sitting with her grandmother and she asked her a question which she had been wondering for a while: Little girl: "Grandma?" Grandma: "Yes sweetie?" "Were you alive when the world was black and white?"
One day at college, one of my freshman friends in English class fell asleep. The professor threw a book at him. "What hit me?" The professor replied "That was a flying Chaucer."
White haired old aunts used to come up to me at weddings, poking me in the ribs and cackling, telling me, "You're next." They stopped after I started doing the same thing to them at funerals.
If you think about the animals we do eat, we only eat the dumb ones. Our three main meats are what? Cows, fish, chickens: all animals, I'm pretty sure, if they could talk, you could trick them into killing themselves.
I love watching JoJo's Bizarre Adventures. My favorite part is when Jotaro and DIO start fighting each other, yelling "ORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDAORAMUDA."
As the lawyer slowly came out of the anesthesia after surgery, he said, "Why are all the blinds drawn, doctor?" "There's a big fire across the street," the doctor replied. "We didn't want you to think the operation was a failure."
A first grade teacher asked the class to make a sentence from the following words: Deduct, Defense, Defeat The smartest kid in the class raised his hand and said, "I can do that: 'Dee duck jumped over dee fence and hurt dee feet.'"
Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me, either. Just don't walk with me. Just leave me alone.
A woman at a golf course begins yelling, "I've been stung by a bee." Her golf instructor asks her where she had been stung. "Between the first and second hole," she replies. The golf instructor tells her, "Oh, your stance is too wide."
Man: "Doctor, Doctor I have a problem." Psy: "Tell me about it."Man: "Doctor, Doctor I like mashed potatoes."Psy: "There's nothing wrong with that. I also like mashed potatoes."Man: "Wonderful, would you like to come over and see my collection some time."
Last week, I went on vacation to visit my aunt on her farm. On the first day, one of her chickens died so we had chicken for dinner. On the second day, one of her pigs died so we had pork for dinner. On the third day, her husband died so I left before dinner.
A pedestrian was walking along the street looking for a better mode of transport, like a bus or tram.He spots a taxi coming in his direction. He stands on the side of the road and shouts: "Taxi" The Taxi driver drives past and shouts back: "Pedestrian"
"It is ridiculous claiming that video games influence children. For instance, if Pac man affected kids born in the eighties, we should by now have a bunch of teenagers who run around in darkened rooms and eat pills while listening to monotonous electronic music."
A dog walks into a bar and hops up on a stool. He looks the bartender in the eye and says, "Hey, guess what? I can talk. Have you ever seen a talking dog before? How about a drink?" The bartender thinks for a moment and says, "Sure, the toilet's right around the corner."
Two men whose fishing boat sank near Hawaii on Dec. 9 were rescued from a raft this week. "However," Premiere Morning Sickness reports, "after hearing that Tom Arnold would be starring in another sitcom, Richard Enslow and David Summers quickly paddled back out to sea."
A lady opened her refrigerator and saw a rabbit sitting on one of the shelves, contentedly munching on a lettuce leaf."What are you doing in there?" she asked."This is a Westinghouse, isn't it?", the rabbit replied."Uh, yes.""Well," the rabbit said, "I'm westing".
The teacher was telling the class about plants that have the word "dog" in front of them: dogrose, dogwood, dog violet. She asked the class if they could name another flower with the prefix "dog." Steven raised his hand and said, "Sure, Miss Jones, a 'collie'flower."
If lawyers can be debarred and clergymen defrocked, it only seems fair that: electricians can be delighted, musicians denoted, cowboys deranged, gardeners deflowered, models deposed, tree surgeons debarked, dry cleaners depressed, and accountants left unaccounted for.
Now they have TV commercials for laundry detergents that show how easily the products remove bloodstains; a pretty violent image there.I think if you've got a T shirt with a bloodstain all over it, maybe laundry isn't your biggest problem. Maybe you should get rid of the body before you do the wash.
Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. He also ate very little, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath. All of these attributes made him.....A super callused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
I saw an advertisement for a school that claimed it could teach anyone to drive a car in five minutes or less. I called them up and asked "How can you teach anyone to drive in five minutes or less?" They answered "It's a crash course."
Sometimes I wonder, what would I get for my last meal? Probably Mexican food because it's my favorite food. It makes you a little gassy, but so what, you're going down in an hour .. not a big deal. And then, they'll be like, 'Any last words?' 'Yeah, pull my finger. If I'm going down, I'm taking the rest of you with me.'
A certain man was infatuated with a young woman, but was so timid he never had the courage to speak to her. In fact, he told his therapist that every time he got near her he felt like nothing more than a tiny pebble. "Well," his therapist responded, "If you want to get the girl you'll just have to be a little boulder"
A drunk Alaskan decides to go ice fishing. He starts sawing a hole in the ice, but just then a booming voice says, "You will find no fish there." The drunk ignores it and continues sawing. The voice repeats, "You will find no fish under the ice." The drunk looks up and says, "God, is that you?" The voice says, "No, I'm the manager of this ice rink."
These two strings walk into a bar and sit down. The bartender says, "So what'll it be?"The first string says, "I think I'll have a beer quag fulk boorg jdkqCjfdLk jk[s d.f?howe,+U r89nvy owmc6ydDz x.xvcu""Please excuse my friend," the second string says, "He isn't null terminated."
A lonely frog telephoned the Psychic Hotline and asked what his future holds. His Personal Psychic Advisor tells him: "You are going to meet a beautiful young girl who will want to know everything about you." The frog is thrilled, "This is great, will I meet her at a party?" he croaks. "No," says the psychic, "in biology class."
A lonely frog telephoned the Psychic Hotline and asked what his future holds. His Personal Psychic Advisor tells him: "You are going to meet a beautiful young girl who will want to know everything about you." The frog is thrilled, "This is great, will I meet her at a party?" he croaks. "No," says the psychic, "in biology class."
These two strings walk into a bar and sit down. The bartender says, "So what'll it be?"The first string says, "I think I'll have a beer quag fulk boorg jdkqCjfdLk jk[s d.f?howe,+U r89nvy owmc6ydDz x.xvcu""Please excuse my friend," the second string says, "He isn't null terminated."
A man takes his Rottweiler to the veterinarian. "My dog's cross eyed, is there anything you can do for him?" "Well," says the vet, "let's have a look at him." The vet picks the dog up and examines his eyes, then checks his teeth. Finally, he sighs, and says "I'm going to have to put him down." "What??," the owner screams. "Because he's cross eyed??" "No, because he's bloody heavy."
When NASA first started sending up astronauts, they quickly discovered that ballpoint pens would not work in zero gravity. To combat this problem, NASA scientists spent a decade and twelve billion dollars developing a pen that writes in zero gravity, upside down, underwater, on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to over negative three hundred degrees. The Russians used a pencil.
A man takes his Rottweiler to the veterinarian. "My dog's cross eyed, is there anything you can do for him?" "Well," says the vet, "let's have a look at him." The vet picks the dog up and examines his eyes, then checks his teeth. Finally, he sighs, and says "I'm going to have to put him down." "What??," the owner screams. "Because he's cross eyed??" "No, because he's bloody heavy."
When NASA first started sending up astronauts, they quickly discovered that ballpoint pens would not work in zero gravity. To combat this problem, NASA scientists spent a decade and twelve billion dollars developing a pen that writes in zero gravity, upside down, underwater, on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to over negative three hundred degrees. The Russians used a pencil.
A man takes his Rottweiler to the veterinarian. "My dog's cross eyed, is there anything you can do for him?" "Well," says the vet, "let's have a look at him." The vet picks the dog up and examines his eyes, then checks his teeth. Finally, he sighs, and says "I'm going to have to put him down." "What??," the owner screams. "Because he's cross eyed??" "No, because he's bloody heavy."
I ran across a man in the park. He was sitting on a park bench wearing a chef's hat and a white uniform. He looked sad. "What's wrong?" I asked."I haven't worked in two years." he said. "My brother is in jail, and people think that because he's a thief, I must be a theif too." He took a moment to stare off into the distance. He looked back at me and said, "I really wish people wouldn't judge a cook by it's brother."
This guy is standing outside on his balcony on the 5th floor of his apartment when he spots this gorgeous babe sunbathing on the third floor balcony wearing the skimpiest bathing suit he's ever seen. He watches her for three days straight, and can't stand it any longer. He sends down a note on a piece of string: ''If you want me to make love to you please pull on the string once. If not please pull slowly twenty times and then faster another ten."
I ran across a man in the park. He was sitting on a park bench wearing a chef's hat and a white uniform. He looked sad. "What's wrong?" I asked."I haven't worked in two years." he said. "My brother is in jail, and people think that because he's a thief, I must be a theif too." He took a moment to stare off into the distance. He looked back at me and said, "I really wish people wouldn't judge a cook by it's brother."
This guy is standing outside on his balcony on the 5th floor of his apartment when he spots this gorgeous babe sunbathing on the third floor balcony wearing the skimpiest bathing suit he's ever seen. He watches her for three days straight, and can't stand it any longer. He sends down a note on a piece of string: ''If you want me to make love to you please pull on the string once. If not please pull slowly twenty times and then faster another ten."
I ran across a man in the park. He was sitting on a park bench wearing a chef's hat and a white uniform. He looked sad. "What's wrong?" I asked."I haven't worked in two years." he said. "My brother is in jail, and people think that because he's a thief, I must be a theif too." He took a moment to stare off into the distance. He looked back at me and said, "I really wish people wouldn't judge a cook by it's brother."
Level 17 Boss1---
Level 17 Boss2
Level 17 Boss3
Level 17 Boss4
Level 17 Boss5
Level 18 Boss1---
Level 18 Boss2
Level 18 Boss3
Level 18 Boss4
Level 18 Boss5
Level 19 Boss1---
Level 19 Boss2
Level 19 Boss3
Level 19 Boss4
Level 19 Boss5
Level 20 Boss1---
Level 20 Boss2
Level 20 Boss3
Level 20 Boss4
Level 20 Boss5
Level 21 Boss1---
Level 21 Boss2
Level 21 Boss3
Level 21 Boss4
Level 21 Boss5
Level 22 Boss1---
Level 22 Boss2
Level 22 Boss3
Level 22 Boss4
Level 22 Boss5
Level 23 Boss1---
Level 23 Boss2
Level 23 Boss3
Level 23 Boss4
Level 23 Boss5
Level 24 Boss1---
Level 24 Boss2
Level 24 Boss3
Level 24 Boss4
Level 24 Boss5
Level 25 Boss1---
Level 25 Boss2
Level 25 Boss3
Level 25 Boss4
Level 25 Boss5


Old sentences:

Thanks for helping me playtest our project :)



We want to create an application that helps people practice typing in a fun and entertaining way. Hope you're having fun :)

I decided to add a simple MIDI piano bass line to accompany the beat.  I transitioned into adding a MIDI drum line that I created using the beatgrid provided in Logic Pro X. 





I had a chance to go bungee cord jumping last week. They make it look cool on TV, don't they? You always see people doing those sports in Mountain Dew commercials: risking their life, sipping a Dew. If you're jumping out of a balloon, hooked to a rubber band, Mountain Dew is just a chaser for the stuff you're drinking. That's just to make the codeine taste lemony.
A guy walks into a bar with his pet dog. The bartender says, "No pets allowed." The man replies, "This is a special dog. Turn on the Jets game and you'll see. Whenever the Jets score, my dog does flips." The Jets keep scoring field goals, and the dog keeps flipping and jumping. "Wow. What happens when the Jets score a touchdown?" The man replies, "I don't know. I've only had him for seven years."
On the first day of school, a teacher asked her class, "Who here is a Mets fan?" Every student knew that she loved the Mets, so they replied by raising their hands, except for one girl, Rosie. The teacher asked, "Who do you like, little girl?" Rosie replied, "I'm a Yankees fan and I hate the Mets." The teacher asked why and Rosie told her that her parents were Yankees fans, so she was too. The teacher said to the class, "So if Rosie's parents were idiots, what would that make her?" Rosie chimed in, "A Mets fan..."
I was in the supermarket, and I had these two shopping carts full of groceries, and I was waiting in line. This guy got in line behind me, and all he had was a jar of spaghetti sauce and some spaghetti. He kept checking his watch and looking at my two full carts, trying to hint for me to let him go ahead of me. I just totally ignored him, but then finally, I turned around. I said, 'Hey man, if that's all you have is that spaghetti sauce and that spaghetti, then you should just go ahead and do some more shopping because I'm going to be a while.'

